well we begin this newsour in Northern
Gaza where an Israeli air strike has hit
a building in the jabalia refugee camp
the unra facility there is the only
designated location that distributes
food assistance to the camp a number of
of casualties have been reported and we
know the Israeli military has repeatedly
attacked unra facilities since it began
this war well these are pictures from a
separate attack in the same area this
time an Israeli air strike targeted a
crowded Market destroying Palestinian
police vehicle and building there at
least one person we understand has been
killed many others are wounded well
let's speak to Honey Mahmud in um Rafa
in southern Gaz he's on the ground
Forest there honey what do we know about
what actually happened in jabalia just
in the last few
hours yes well very devastating
development from the northern part of
the G particularly from from jabali
refugee camp a very densely populated
area that at the initial weeks of the
war been bombed heavily by Relentless
air strikes and people were driven out
of their homes the vast majority of the
people here were displaced and became
homeless at different evacuation centers
but the fact that right now not people
are not only hungry and facing actual
famines and dying of starvation and Mal
nutrition the only facility the only
food facility distribution point that is
managed and operated by onon the only
one that is still operational there been
destroyed been attacked and destroyed it
was a point for people to collect Food
Supplies from it it's it's operate it's
managed on the ground by the popular
Committee of Palestinians Refugee and
the with with this being attacked and
gone people don't have any other source
of food just to satisfy their hunger
right now already very hungry very
overwhelm WellMed exhausted resorting to
eating plants and and animal feed people
are facing dire situations right now
many large number of people reported
injured and killed in the attacks just
becoming increasingly difficult on top
of the misery that people face every
single day the communication and and and
internet blackout just make it very
difficult to know
exactly the number of people have been
killed in those attacks but reports will
emerge very soon as we were waiting for
an offal statement from the Ministry of
Health or the shifa
hospital H Mahmud there with the latest
for us on those strikes and jabalia
thanks so much honey